src/pages/privacy.md, before:

---
title: Privacy Policy
discover:
  title: Privacy Policy
permalink: /privacy/index.html
description: We respect the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This policy document explains how we collect and handle any information you provide to us.
layout: page
---

We respect the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and this policy document explains how we collect and handle any information you provide to us.

**What background data is collected?**
This site does not use any third party tracking scripts.

**How do we use the data you provide?**
This website does not collect any data.

**Newsletter Subscription Data Processing: HubSpot**
We use HubSpot to send our newsletter. The eMail addresses of our newsletter recipients as well as the other data processed when sending the newsletter are stored on HubSpot servers in the EU. Your data is used solely for sending newsletters and updates and will not be shared with third parties. You can unsubscribe at any time by following the link in our emails. You can find additional information about data protection at HubSpot at: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy.

**How secure is your data?**
Very secure, as this website does not collect any information by default.

**How secure is this website?**
This website transmits itself using HTTPS, encrypting all data between the browser and the server. Your network provider can still see that you are downloading assets from this site, but not its content. This also protects you from third parties intercepting data, for example, while browsing on public WiFi, or from network providers injecting advertisements on this site. All relevant response HTTP headers are set for your protection and the Content Security Policy is adjusted to this websites requirements.

**Data controller**
{{ personal.address }}

If you have any questions or doubts, please contact us: {{ personal.email }}.

**Changes to the policy**
If qw change the content of this policy, those changes will be effective at the time qw post them here.

**Complaints**
If you have any reason to complain about the way qw handle your privacy, please contact us by email: {{ personal.email }}.

Commit message:

add contact page and gdpr cookie consent

src/pages/privacy.md, after:

---
title: Privacy Policy
discover:
  title: Privacy Policy
permalink: /privacy/index.html
description: We respect the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This policy document explains how we collect and handle any information you provide to us.
layout: page
bodyClass: simple
---

We respect the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and this policy document explains how we collect and handle any information you provide to us.

## Cookie Consent and Data Collection
This website uses a cookie consent system to give you control over data collection. By default, no tracking occurs until you explicitly accept cookies.

## What data is collected with your consent?
When you accept cookies, the following services may collect data:

### Analytics:
We use privacy-friendly analytics (Plausible) to understand website usage without tracking individuals.

### Meeting Scheduling:
Our  [contact page](/contact) includes a HubSpot calendar widget that, when enabled, may:
  - Set cookies including a user tracking cookie (`hubspotutk`)
  - Collect your IP address, browser information, and page visit data
  - Create a unique identifier to track your interactions
  - Share this data with HubSpot Inc. (processed in the United States)

### Newsletter Subscription Data Processing: HubSpot
We use HubSpot to send our newsletter. Email addresses of newsletter recipients and related data are stored on HubSpot servers in the EU. Your data is used solely for sending newsletters and updates and will not be shared with third parties. You can unsubscribe at any time by following the link in our emails. Additional information about HubSpot's data protection: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy.

## How secure is your data?
When you decline cookies, no tracking data is collected. When you accept, data is processed by reputable third-party services with strong security measures.

## How secure is this website?
This website transmits itself using HTTPS, encrypting all data between the browser and the server. Your network provider can still see that you are downloading assets from this site, but not its content. This also protects you from third parties intercepting data, for example, while browsing on public WiFi, or from network providers injecting advertisements on this site. All relevant response HTTP headers are set for your protection and the Content Security Policy is adjusted to this websites requirements.

## Data controller
{{ personal.address }}

If you have any questions or doubts, please contact us: {{ personal.email }}.

## Changes to the policy
If we change the content of this policy, those changes will be effective at the time we post them here.

## Complaints
If you have any reason to complain about the way we handle your privacy, please contact us by email: {{ personal.email }}. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
